Updated Returning validation error message example (#92386)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/restful-technical-profile.md

| Attribute | Required | Description |
| --------- | -------- | ----------- |
| version | Yes | Your REST API version. For example: 1.0.1 |

> | status | Yes | The returned HTTP Status Code. For example 409 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| status | Yes | An HTTP response status codes-like number, and must be 409 |
```
